Add tools argument to qlm_code() (#123)
SeraphineM/quallmer: NEWS.md

## New features

> * `qlm_code()` gains a `tools` argument for registering `ellmer` tools (e.g.
>   a provider's hosted web-search tool, such as
>   `ellmer::openai_tool_web_search()`) on the chat before coding. Previously
>   there was no way to do this: `ellmer`'s `chat_*()` constructors have no
>   `tools` parameter, so tools must be registered via `chat$register_tool()`
>   on the chat object `qlm_code()` builds internally, which its public API
>   didn't expose. A single tool may be passed directly, or several as a list;
>   registered tools are recorded in the run's `chat_args` metadata for
>   reproducibility.

Reviewer: **nit** — nine lines where tidyverse style wants one sentence; the mechanism rationale belongs in the roxygen (where it already is), not NEWS. Also missing the issue/author reference `.claude/CLAUDE.md` asks for, and I'd drop the reproducibility clause until the trail actually surfaces tools.

```suggestion
* `qlm_code()` gains a `tools` argument for registering `ellmer` tools, such as a
  provider's hosted web-search tool, on the chat before coding (#122, @SeraphineM).
```
